# AdoptMeme Roadmap

AdoptMe.me is intended to be a platform for cat image macro creation and
sharing.  On AdoptMeme, you're making memes and doing good at the same time.
All of the animals featured on AdoptMeme are in need of adoption, so creatinga
nd sharing funny cat pictures you are also helping animals in need. 

## Completed features:
- Petfinder.com integration
    - configure `figaro` to securely store API keys 
    - fetch images from their service; populate `Image` table with image
      location metadata
    - Store pet info (name, breed, age, etc) into `Pet` models. We may want to
      use some of this info on a "pet show" page, and it's not more expensive to

- S3 integration (or other third-party image hosting solution.)
    - Need somewhere to store raw images without duplicating API calls. Also
      I'll be making homepage thumbnails, and captioned images as they are
      generated by me.
    - Drop stuff into a bucket
    - Make sure the S3 "objects" I create are publically available.  CORS?

## MVP features to do:

- Petfinder.com integration
    - How to keep my info in sync with petfinder?  Don't really want to keep
      featuring cats that are no longer available for adoption.

- Image captioning
    - ~~Use `RMagick` gem for this.~~
    - First display text at all. Possible combo of javascript and css for this.
    - Save image with text.  Server-side use of `RMagick` seems slow. Read about
      `PhantomJS` and/or HTML5 canvas for this.
    - Next write logic to adjust font size and positioning depending on message length.
    - Since text in images isn't searchable/analyzable, perhaps also store caption content
      in `Caption` models.  

## Nice-to-have features

- Shortlinks on images that point to info on how to adopt the cat. I think I can
  just grab a lot of the logic I already wrote for this problem in my
  `urlshortener` project.
- Geolocation: only show visitors cats local to them on the home page.
- Fancy editing. Flex those jawascript muscles.
- More complex user model, and social/gamification features.  (Meh. Seems like everyone
  does this.)

## Amazing-to-have features

- `SimpleCV` face detection and image cropping, especially for thumbnails on the home page. 
- User email notifications when cats they promote are adopted.  This is really
  cool and would probably drive engagement, but it's a somewhat pain-in-the-ass
  feature that is unlikely to be discovered by employers playing with the app
  for <5 minutes.
- Caching?  Read about redis.
- Endless scrolling on index page.


